Doc/airneis 33 dive in GitHub action (#22)
KrispyTech/airneis: docs/dive-in/2024/01/2024-01-24-github-actions/2024-01-24-github-actions.md

# TITLE: Set up our first Github Action

Author : Barnabé PILLIAUDIN
Date : 2024-01-24

## SUMMARY:

> We wan to have our code linted and tested automatically when pushed. As we our code is hosted on Github, we will use Github Actions to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to have our code linted and tested automatically when pushed. As our code is hosted on Github, we will use Github Actions to do so.
```

Reviewer: Do you want it tested on each push ?

## CONTEXT:

> Having code linted and tested is a good practice and will help us maintaining a clean and working codebase. We it to be done automatically when code is push to be sure that the code merged into staging to be deployed is working and clean. It will also help the reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having code linted and tested is a good practice and will help us maintain a clean and working codebase. It would be done automatically when the code is pushed to be sure that the code merging into staging will work and be clean. It will also help the reviewers.
```

## SOLUTION:

GitHub offers a solution for that called Github Actions.
Here is the pricing for Github Actions:
![Alt text](image.png)

> As we are a free organization, we have 2000 free minutes per month. Witch is almost 34 hours and a should be a bit less than 400 runs per month.

Reviewer: How did you calculate how many runs we have per month?

> We will run the linter and the test on every merge request.

Reviewer: What kind of linting will you provide? 

Can you specify which rules, is it only for the backend or the frontend too?

# TITLE: Set up our first Github Action

Author : Barnabé PILLIAUDIN
Date : 2024-01-24

## SUMMARY:

> We want to have our code linted and tested automatically when pushed. As we our code is hosted on Github, we will use Github Actions to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to have our code linted and tested automatically when pushed. As our code is hosted on Github, we will use Github Actions to do so.
```
